We had a marvelous stay in Moscow at the Golden Ring Hotel. Wonderful interiors, very good service and some excellent dining too, must recommend the hotel's Esenin Restaurant for the blini and caviar and some exquisite salmon dishes. Very reasonably priced too for a luxury hotel. My only qualm was that the restaurant closed a little too early each evening
My time at hotel was really good. I am totally satisfied with the services. The food and the ambiance was incredible, however rooms were little untidy and smelly before, moreover the water was dirty but after complain it became clear.
The water in rooms were dirty and untidy, however my time at hotel was really good. I am satisfied with your services as the Food and ambiance was incredible. The beautiful garden was welcoming and we loved it
The water in rooms were dirty and untidy, however my time at hotel was pathetic, I am not satisfied with your services as the Food and ambiance was tasteless. The beautiful garden was welcoming and but we loved the stay
The hotel staff was rude, but we did like the rooms, however the stay was not comforting
The hotel staff was welcoming but we did not like the rooms, however the stay was comforting
Very basic amenities. It is close to the Alliance University and is advantageous for people needing to go to the University. Food is good and the service is average. It is pretty far from the city and will not be beneficial to people who need to travel to the city from here
The hotel staff was rude, but we did like the rooms, however the stay was not comforting
The room was dingy.
Service is good, atmosphere is fresh. Food taste was not that good.
The hotel was not cooperative. Rooms had a weird smell, and it was not possible for us to live here, only the food was good in taste
Was not good.
Was not cooperative.
The stay was fantastic
The stay was the worst experience i had in my life.
It was very delightful. I had a great time here. The staff was very good and the rooms were very clean.
My stay at the hotel was very good.
The hotel was room was not upto mark.
